[ADD][12.0] create stock_serial_batch_receive (#687)
OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse: stock_serial_batch_receive/readme/ROADMAP.rst

> Add posibility to drop serials numbers and filup them again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add possibility to drop serials numbers and fill them up again
```

> Add user instructoin, add images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add user instructions, add images.
```
